docs: Document failWhenUndefined (#303)
eclipsesource/jsonforms2-website: content/docs/uischema/rules.mdx

  "effect": "HIDE" | "SHOW" | "ENABLE" | "DISABLE",
  "condition": {
    "scope": "<UI Schema scope>",

>     "schema": Json Schema

Reviewer: I would prefer staying with `JSON Schema` as this is the official name
```suggestion
    "schema": JSON Schema
```

Author: 👍 This was an oversight

## Rule Condition

The rule `condition` object should conform to the <ApiLink link='core/interfaces/schemabasedcondition.html' title='SchemaBasedCondition' /> interface.

It should contain a `scope` and `schema` property, where the `schema` is a standard JSON schema object.
This means everything that can be specified using JSON schema can be used as a rule condition.

The `schema` is validated against the data specified in the `scope` property.
If the `scope` data matches the `schema` the rule evaluates to true and the rule effect is applied.

If the `scope` resolves to `undefined`, the JSON schema will successfully validate and the condition will be applied.

> If the `failWhenUndefined` property is true, an undefined scope will instead always fail the condition.

Reviewer: It's not the scope which is undefined but the value it is pointing to.

```suggestion
Optionally, `failWhenUndefined: true` can be specified to fail the condition in case the scope resolves to `undefined`.
```

}
```

> This rule is true if the `counter` property exists *and* is larger than 1.
> This is in contrast with the previous rule, which will evaluate as true if the `counter` property is undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SHOW` applies if the `counter` property exists *and* is larger than 1.
If `failWhenUndefined` is not given or set to `false`, `SHOW` will also apply in case the `counter` property does not exist.
```

Author: This one is a bit confusing. One of the example rules claims to apply the SHOW effect if `1 <= counter <= 10`, and I wrote a new example to contrast which specifically contains `failWhenUndefined` as part of the Rule object. I am inclined to believe that an explicit example is helpful to have, rather than repeating the "Rule Condition" section.

Incidentally, all of the other examples use the "rule is true" wording, so if you want to instead use "SHOW applies," all of them should be fixed.

Reviewer: Good point, let's use the same terminology for now :+1: 

```suggestion
This rule evaluates to true if the `counter` property exists *and* is larger than 1.
This is in contrast with the previous rule, which will evaluate to true if the `counter` property is undefined.
```
